Manually write or generate ObjectId as part og create flow (#1291)
realm/realm-studio: RELEASENOTES.md

### Enhancements

> - Added support for creating & generating `ObjectId` in create-flow. ([#1291](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/pull/1291))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for creating & generating `ObjectId` when creating objects. ([#1291](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/pull/1291))
```

- Added support for editing existing `ObjectId` values. ([#1290](https://github.com/realm/realm-studio/pull/1290))

> - Primary keys in Class/Schema creation now defaults to prop name `_id` & type `ObjectId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Primary keys in Class/Schema creation now defaults to an `ObjectId` property named `_id`.
```
